altalt domain.pddl probLOGISTICS-4-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl probLOGISTICS-4-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl probLOGISTICS-4-2.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl probLOGISTICS-5-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl probLOGISTICS-5-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl probLOGISTICS-5-2.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-6-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-6-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-6-2.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-6-9.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-7-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-7-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-8-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-8-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-9-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-9-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-10-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-10-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-11-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-11-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-12-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-12-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-13-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-13-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-14-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-14-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-15-0.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos
altalt domain.pddl  probLOGISTICS-15-1.pddl HCOMBO  NOLEVOFF -of seriesaltnos

