altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-4-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-4-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-4-2.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-5-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-5-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-5-2.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-6-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-6-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-6-2.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-7-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-7-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-7-2.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-8-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-8-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-8-2.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-9-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-9-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-9-2.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-10-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-10-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-10-2.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-11-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-11-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-11-2.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-12-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-12-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-13-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-13-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-14-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-14-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-15-0.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-15-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt
altalt domain.pddl probBLOCKS-16-1.pddl  HADJSUM2 PACTION -of adjsum2.txt

